Updated Docs for`ElasticsearchSettings.IndexPrefix` setting (#4021)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"IndexPrefix": ""`` with string input.     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::

>   By setting this, all ES indexes created by MM are given the provided prefix. This will make it possible for two MM installs to share an ES cluster by setting different prefixes so the index names don't collide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When this setting is used, all Elasticsearch indexes created by Mattermost are given this prefix. You can set different prefixes so that multiple Mattermost deployments can share an Elasticsearch cluster setting without the index names colliding. 
```

>   When this setting is used, all Elasticsearch indexes created by Mattermost are given this prefix. You can set different prefixes so that multiple Mattermost deployments can share an Elasticsearch cluster setting without the index names colliding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When this setting is used, all Elasticsearch indexes created by Mattermost are given this prefix. You can set different prefixes so that multiple Mattermost deployments can share an Elasticsearch cluster without the index names colliding.
```
